the mega operation performed in cajazeiras
involving the civil and military police
coordinated by the regional doctor
gilson teles ended with the detention of
19 people in the playgrounds at sunset
I'm francisco, subject of cajazeiras
the operation called perrin was
triggered by an investigation
made by the police secret services
civil and military police realizing that
elements would be receiving and selling
drugs as well as providing weapons for
organized crime underworld in the
casseroles
according to the regional delegate gilson
teles
the operation was organized with police officers
of the 9th regional de sousa and
casseroles
besides facts itaporanga and catolé do
rock
possession of an arrest warrant
elements have been trapped in their
residences in the early hours of the morning
this Wednesday in cajazeiras
the operation involved a total of 90
between civilian and military and more
of 15 vehicles
with them the police found all
weapons ammunition money and two
motorcycles possibly used in the
traffic as well as appliances
according to the delegate were seized
also with the elements 60 stones of
crack two cocaine tablets and 320
grams of pressed marijuana and two weapons
one of them the soca-soca shotgun between
the eight detainees were referred to the
regional box office
francisco venceslau alexandre francisco
adelian says 34 year old woman and the cufa
ferreira comes 23 years old neuri cristina
25 years old rosineide pereira da
silva 40 years old josé iranildo pereira da
24 years old antônio bachelor
coutinho and francisco pedro de souza
the others were heard as a key
before in coins the police counted
importance of one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-seven reais and in notes
approximately R $ 2,900 and
find a Bolivian currency together with
the other
the regional delegate gilson teles
informed that further investigations
other elements may be trapped
involved are already being
investigated in the same operation